[Experimental] Implement optional catch all routes (#12887)
zeit/next.js: docs/api-routes/dynamic-api-routes.md

Now, a request to `/api/post/a/b/c` will respond with the text: `Post: a, b, c`.

### Optional catch all routes

> Catch all routes can be made optional by including the parameter in double brackets (`[[...slug]]`). For example
> 
> - `pages/api/post/[...slug].js` matches `/api/post` as well

Reviewer: `````suggestion
Catch all routes can be made optional by including the parameter in double brackets (`[[...slug]]`).

For example, `pages/api/post/[[...slug]].js` will match `/api/post` as well, and have the following params object:

```json
{ "slug": [] }
```
`````

Now, a request to `/api/post/a/b/c` will respond with the text: `Post: a, b, c`.

### Optional catch all routes

Catch all routes can be made optional by including the parameter in double brackets (`[[...slug]]`).

For example, `pages/api/post/[[...slug]].js` will match `/api/post` as well, and have the following params object:

```json
{ "slug": [] }
```

> - `pages/api/post/[[...slug]].js` matches `/api/post` as well

Author: removing this...
